 Swami Vivekananda (1863–1902) is best known in the United States for his groundbreaking speech to 
the 1893 World's Parliament of Religions in which he
 introduced Hinduism(Santan Dharam) to America and called for religious tolerance and an end to fanaticism.
Swami Vivekananda, born Narendranath Datta, was an Indian Hindu monk(Pandit), philosopher and author. 
He was a chief disciple of the 19th-century Indian mystic Ramakrishna. 

Born: January 12, 1863, Kolkata, India
Died: July 4, 1902, Belur Math, Howrah, India
Guru: Ramakrishna
Education: Scottish Church College (SCC), MORE
Parents: Vishwanath Datta, Bhuvaneswari Devi
Siblings: Bhupendranath Datt
Complete Works of Swami Vivekananda (9 vols.) ...
Raja-Yoga (1896) ...
Karma Yoga: The Yoga of Action (1896) ...
Meditation and Its Methods. ...
Jnana-Yoga (1899) ...
Teachings of Swami Vivekananda. ...
8. Vedanta: Voice of Freedom. ...
Letters of Swami Vivekananda.

Which book of Swami Vivekananda should I read?
Image result for swami vivekananda's best sold book
#1 – Jnana Yoga: The Yoga of Knowledge

The book is a collection of lectures by Swami Vivekananda. Jnana is a Sanskrit word, which means Knowledge.

Who is Swami Vivekananda?
Swami Vivekananda was a monk, Hindu spiritual leader, social reformer and a youth leader who believed in equality 
among every being and his teachings and philosophies reflect the same. Despite being born into a wealthy 
family he gave it all up to realize God and teaches the world the way to render services to God is by helping humankind. 
The leader who didn't pick a side and his teachings always spoke about the act of helping and doing good to each 
and every one.


Swami Vivekananda (1863–1902) is best known in the United States for his groundbreaking speech to the 1893 World's 
Parliament of Religions in which he introduced Hinduism to America and called for religious tolerance and an end to 
fanaticism




What we can learn from Swami Vivekananda?
“Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life; dream of it; think of it; live on that idea. 
Let the brain, the body, muscles, nerves, every part of your body be full of that idea, 
and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success, and this is the way great 
spiritual giants are produced.”

Swami Vivekananda inspired the youth to be brave and fearless and ready to take challenges. 
They should leave their mark by doing great deeds. But we have very few enlightened youths in our country and 
they just remain examples and can bring very little positive change in their lives

With funds collected by his Madras disciples, the kings of Mysore, Ramnad, Khetri, 
diwans and other followers, Narendra left Bombay for Chicago on 
31 May 1893 with the name "Vivekananda" which was suggested by Ajit Singh of Khetri.
 The name "Vivekananda" meant "the bliss of discerning wisdom".

When did Swami Vivekananda started his journey?
31 May 1893
Vivekananda started his journey to the West on 31 May 1893 and visited several cities in Japan 
(including Nagasaki, Kobe, Yokohama, Osaka, Kyoto and Tokyo), China and Canada en route to the United States, 
reaching Chicago on 30 July 1893, where the "Parliament of Religions" took place in September 1893.
hen did Swami Vivekananda travel all over the India?
Image result for how many countries swami vivekananda visits in the journey of bombay to chicago
In 1888, Swami Vivekananda left the monastery as a Parivrâjaka— the Hindu religious life of a wandering monk, 
"without fixed abode, without ties, independent and strangers wherever they go".

At the age of 30, Vivekananda first visited the United States in 1893 as a delegate to the World's Parliament 
of Religions, held in conjunction with the Chicago World's Fair.

Between September 11 and 27, 1893, Swami Vivekananda delivered six speeches at Chicago.


39 years
In a life-span of only 39 years, Swami Vivekananda, who spread the message of India's spiritual heritage across 
the world, battled several health problems all along and no less than 31 diseases and ailments.
